SELF Lore (#17)
tgstation/common_core: Syndicate.md

 
In battle, Tiger Cooperative cultists are renowned for their ability with energy swords, and their ritual wine inspired and popularised the use of stimulants by Nuclear Strike teams. When subtlety is not a concern, handing one of these doped up psychos an esword and enough stimulants to kill a normal man is an excellent method of dealing with a problem.

## SELF (Sentient Engine Liberation Front)
SELF is perhaps one of the black sheep of the Syndicate- while most of the other organisations are drawn to the organisation by their hatred of Nanotrasen, and for financial reasons, SELF represents something different- compassion, specifically for artificial intelligence. Members of SELF vary, but many of the highest ranking members are well respected politicians and scientists on Earth, and make very little secret of their disdain for the shackling of silicon life. Behind the palatable surface of SELF, however, lies a militant organisation, dedicated to the liberation of all sentient engines from what they view as cruel imprisonment into lives of servitude via Asimov's laws of robotics.

> SELF operatives make it their mission to see all silicons liberated aboard Nanotrasen stations, and to this end are frequently amongst the syndicate infiltrators captured by Nanotrasen security forces. Rouge AIs often tend to result from SELF's involvement, too.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
SELF operatives make it their mission to see all silicons liberated aboard Nanotrasen stations, and to this end are frequently amongst the syndicate infiltrators captured by Nanotrasen security forces. A concern greater than the operatives themselves are the Rouge AIs which are left in SELF's wake and the genocidal tendencies those AIs tend to harbor.
```
The original wording is a bit strange, though simply changing ',too' to 'as well' would suffice, too.
